How to Initialize CF card using a Windows PC       
--------------------------------------------

To boot automaticaly from a CF card you need to have the
AL-BOOTROM installed and a bootable CF card.
Normally a bootable CF card is made by using the al-bdos disk
But your SAM does not have a floppydrive or it's floppy drive
is faulty the only way to make a CF-Card bootable at this time
is to use SIMCOUPE with Atom Lite support and the latest 
SAMDISK utility.

STEP 1 Make card reconisable for Sim Coupe
-------------------------------------------

Insert your your CF card into your reader and then go to the
command prompt and browse to the SAMDISK executable.

To find the device number of your CF card reader type:

SAMDISK LIST

When you do not see your card reader then you can list all
devices by typing:

SAMDISK LIST -v

Be very carefull which device you select and make sure you
do not select a harddisk by accident. Note your cardreaders
device number. In the following commands X represents your
device number.

To copy the bootsector to your CF card type:

SAMDISK BOOTSECT.DAT X:0

You will be prompted if you are sure. Press Y when you are
and the bootsector is written.

After this step you can and must copy a BDOS disk into first
record so simcoupe reconizes the CF-Card as BDOS format.
copy the bootrecord to CF card using:

SAMDISK AL-BDOS.DSK X:1

STEP 2 Make Card bootable
-------------------------

Start Simcoupe and go to Tools\Options.
-On the Drives tab select Atom Lite for D2:
-On Disk tab Select \\.\PhysicalDeviceX\
-On System Tab Check Patch ROM for Atom HDD booting.
-goto File\Open to select al-bdos.dsk
-goto System and choose  reset to reset the system.
 press F9 to boot from floppy image if neccesary.
 Select Initialize card from menu and follow instructions.
-To test you can boot from CF-card reset SimCoupe. 

Notes:

When you use Vista or Windows7 Make sure you run SAMDISK and
SIM Coupe with administrative privileges.

Don't assume your Card readers device number will always be the
same number. The number might change when external harddrives,
thumbdrives,other USB devices are plugged in. 

The bootsector loads the DOS and splash screen from preset
locations in record 1. When mixing different versions of
bootsectors and bootimages. The CF-Card may not boot.